> ## Documentation Index
> Fetch the complete documentation index at: https://docs.polymarket.com/llms.txt
> Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.

# How Are Markets Created?

> Markets are created by the markets team with input from users and the community.

## Can I create my own market?

While users cannot directly create their own markets, they are encouraged to suggest ideas for new markets.

<Steps>
  <Steps.Step>
    Is there enough demand for trading in the market to produce an accurate probability? Polymarket targets \$X in trading volume as a minimum.
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Is there social good or news value in understanding the probability generated by the market?
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Can the market be resolved clearly?
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Is there a credible information source for market resolution?

    *For example, a country’s elections commission can be specified as the official resolution source for an election.*
  </Steps.Step>

  <Steps.Step>
    Can the market be resolved in a definitive time frame?
  </Steps.Step>
</Steps>

### Submit your market proposal

To give your proposal the best chance of being listed, include as much information as possible, such as:

* What is the market title?
* What is the [resolution source](../markets/how-are-markets-resolved)?
* Evidence of demand for trading that market

The best ways to propose a new market are:

* On [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/polymarket) in the **#market-suggestion** channel
* On Twitter / X by tagging [@polymarket](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+have+an+idea+for+a+new+market+@polymarket)
